Hello, this is Two men in 30s

How do new employees live their lives well

How do you live your life in your office

I've set aside time to share the tips.

It's a very cautious topic to talk to juniors.

If you say it wrong, you hear 100% young braids.

We'll divide it into three major types

Reputation, concept and way of working

First reputation management

The first year's reputation swayed the remaining social life.

The difference between people who have spent their first year well

The person who sent you well is covered even if you make the same mistake.

I think I've been very good at managing my reputation for the first year.

In the third year, I worked sensibly for various reasons.

I think people who work with me will find me difficult

But the people around me didn't blame me

I understand how hard it would be for a boy like you

So you know how important it is.

This is the second reputation law that follows.

Attitude (Attitude)

Just keep one thing on the attitude side

Just a little bit more

Just a little bit more than I thought

I talked about it last week when I left our new hires

Is this company a bit weird? Hwang lectures on new employees

What I've talked about is

When you print a document at work, you get a watermark.

I think it's an effort to subtract that watermark.

This is a bit cumbersome, but I do it again

A little more than usual left a good attitude.

If I tell you from a different perspective

I talk a lot about the so-called customer perspective.

The colleague next to me is my internal client.

Working from an internal client's perspective

I think it's easy to understand that attitude.

What information will my internal customers need?

What information would I receive from you and get my hands off?

If you think once more from this point of view

That attitude will make sense

In addition to these things, it is also important to be good at greeting.

But I don't want anything like this

The fortress is more burdensome.

You have to think about your relationship with your colleagues.

The people who will be working with me for a long time are colleagues

If I suck and carry it so casually

As you all know.

What are you doing? Why are you doing that?

Because bad reputation can turn around

Think about the reputation in many ways

I want to tell you that you only need to keep the basics.

We used to be in that social network video

I gave you an example of accumulating points.

It's like that.

Greetings are a way to earn points on your reputation

Next reputation management is self management

I think self-management makes the difference

For example, there are two people

I'm worried about who to sit as the team leader

One is hungry and there are people who wear like uncle

One person is in his 40's

I look professional while wearing a suit.

Who would you choose?

It's really important that you get in that habit as a new hire.

Lastly, I told you that you have a ticket in a year.

You need to make good use of the ticket.

How to use

Actively involve your seniors

In fact, when you live in a company, networks are really important.

But it's not really easy to make a network on purpose

That's a hard point for experienced people.

Because I suddenly entered the Gentiles as a stranger

It's not easy to say hello to each other

This is really easy for new hires.

Hello, new employee

Can you buy me something?

What areas do you have questions for? If you ask

Because of the word new recruit

Because of those magic words

That people open their hearts and treat them favorably.

The relationship between the company and the end is intertwined

If someone you don't know contact me

What? Do you want me to work?

You can be defensive in this way

I'm a new employee.

Because everyone knows that work is the weakest in the jungle.

Everybody is happy to help.

This is actually a social life for over a year

From then on, it's a little embarrassing to say that.

How do you ask others

Now I have to spread it myself

It doesn't matter when it's a new employee.

I can't do it well in the second year

Now of course I abuse this

I'm new, so I can't do anything

You can use it as a new employee.

When I have to work with more and more experience

When you need to collaborate with a department

Where should the department check something

It's easier if you have a relationship with me.

The following is an explanation of your concept catching.

What is the concept? You can easily think about it

If you go in

Now we are searching for each other.

The image you want to show here, the concept that's good for you,

You have to make your own area right here.

We want to tell you in advance

I don't think I can create a concept other than myself

Among the things I have

When you are upset,

It's important to have a concept that gives you a better position.

Let us give you some examples

If you're an important person, Warraval

If it's important for life after work

Even if the company has to see something new employees

Even if these parts exist

An image of decay Shows some of these things like a knife

It can be burdensome at first

If you show your eyes closed and cool off a few times

If you think about this,

Company people are the first to see you.

I'm trying to figure out who you are.

If you plant a degenerate image

I won't force you to stay late.

These are the concepts that are beneficial to you.

But you have to be careful

You need to understand the company atmosphere.

If you do this, your reputation may suddenly go away.

Look at the atmosphere slightly

I think it's best to ask the shooter.

Is that an acceptable part of your peer shooter?

Concept catching is a kind of negotiation. Some long term negotiation.

So what's important

First is timing. There is a golden time.

If you want to get a concept

You have to finish it within the first month, shortly, and within three months.

For example, you waited three months

If you suddenly change your attitude after three months

Then what is this child for the team leader? I mean

So the concept grab missed the golden time.

You never have to fight another one

Just intentional discomfort needs to be made

What is this? To negotiate, you exchange each other.

But to get my position

There should be some inconvenience

I need to be uncomfortable because I can speak my opinion.

So when I change my job

Regardless of our culture

The vacation should be short and short It's too long to go for more than three days

For example, you said

I'm actually a long vacation type

So when I joined a month

I said a word while drinking. I go to vacation 10 days

You created an intentional uncomfortable situation.

So what can't you say?

It's the last big one.

How can we be good at how we work?

The first thing I want to say is No Fear. Do not be afraid

If you're a new employee,

It's the first thing we do for beginners in our society.

First call, first time ask senior

First time sending an email

The first time you have to send data

It's my first time, so I have a lot of fears

It doesn't have to be that way

When my senior came in as a new employee

The shooter to overcome these fears

Of course this is what I packed later

Why did this man do this to his brother?

I have a mission to overcome my fears

Send full mail to headquarters.

Who am I I'm like this

Email me to be a leader in this company

The day of the first department.

This brother did it innocently.

I'm a new employee, but I'll change my company.

So now there's no strangers in headquarters.

Second, you have to say

No matter how bad you are, you can think wrong.

Or because it's all done by people.

So if you know for sure and check

If I can't talk because of my hierarchy, I can't develop.

And if you have any feedback, it's important to tell

If there are seniors who teach me even if I'm wrong

You get to learn from one opinion.

And you have to get in the habit of giving a comment once

Your ability to express your opinions will also improve.

And I'm going to talk about the requirements

An accident has occurred, a mistake has occurred.

In this case, you have to talk as soon as possible.

What is it about No Fear?

What should I ask?

You can't make that decision yourself.

The sooner you report, the easier it will be to resolve the issue.

Finally, when you are worried about how to work

I think it's good to find a role model

Every organization has one ace.

How smart is this senior?

This career path is cool

Selecting a role model like this and benchmarking them

It's really helpful in establishing your own way of working.

So we experienced a lot today,

I told you things that I wanted to regret or did well

I thought like this

Am I a good senior for juniors

I think that's the point

I hope our video will be useful for the first steps in society

Those who have already received social juniors

Any kind of support for our new employees

If you comment other tips than what we said,

I think it will be a great help to many juniors.

If you liked our video today, subscribe and like

Please make sure to set the notification.

Thank you always

It's really hard to find a job

I talked to the new guys last week,

The specs are enormous and the seat itself has shrunk a lot.

Whether you write 100 applications or just one

Because of this, those who succeeded in getting a job

You're so great. Congratulations.

So you know those people

People who wear their company necklaces on the subway

Let's see until March.

